# Let's write: service registry

## Overview
This service is responsible of keeping track of services within the system.
It is a restful way for services to find other services, ensure that they are
healthy.

### Project requirements
Basic list of requirements can be foud in `featrues` directory that highlights
the very high overview of how it is supposed to be working. It is intentionally
left like that as details of implementation are left to you. Any changes
and decisions you make should be reflected in feature files with corresponding
steps implementation for [Behave](http://pythonhosted.org/behave/). In short if
it is not in feature files, it doesn't exist and has no right to exist in code.

## Your task
It's fairly simple - you have to write the whole thing. Nah, not really, as 
while it would be impressive - it is a rather massive task for months to write
a beast like this right. Instead I want you to try and write a part of it.

Which part it will be is entirely up to you. You can focus on the API part of
things and write beautiful rest-full automation for all the services, design
API for registration and then searching/retrieving, checking health etc. This
would mostly demonstrate your knowledge of architecture, designing, planning
and documenting.

Or you could instead write a solid backend that not only is easy to expand but
also to scale, either from scratch or on top of some existing solution (Celery
is a good example) in which case I would expect installation automation to go
along with it. Doesn't have to be pretty, shell-ridden vagrant would be plenty.
This certainly will highlight your developer aspects, knowledge of common 
problems that come with vertical and horizontal scaling etc.

Or anything else you can potentially imagine. I do not expect you to deliver
anything that will be finished as that would take days and I want you to spend
no more than 2-4 hours on this. What I want to shine through is how do you
approach this sort of a project, where do you begin and how is your work process
like. For this reasons I would like you to commit as often as you can, with 
good, clean commit messages and to provide a note explaining what you've done,
what are your plans for the future (if you were to keep working on it) and
possible problems that are yet to be conquered, preferably with potential 
solutions. If there are bug you've left behind because they would take too much 
time to fix, putting them there will score you big points. 

## Summary

In summary have fun and trust me when I say it - being honest and true with
everything, from what you know and what you do not know is most important part
of doing good on this task. When you are done please open a pull request to
this repo with your solution.
